Initial release (#2)
appuio/component-openshift4-s3-forwarder: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/create-fluentd-cert.adoc

= Create Fluentd Certificate

> To create an SSL certificate for the s3-forwarder use this command and answer the questions like in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a TLS certificate for the s3-forwarder use this command and answer the questions like in the example below.
```
I think the term SSL shouldn't be used anymore, except if it it's part of a name like OpenSSL.

[source,shell]
----
export INSTANCE_NAME=s3-forwarder-customer-a <1>

> openssl req  -nodes -new -x509 -days 3650 -keyout server.key -out server.cert -subj /name=${INSTANCE_NAME}.openshift-logging.svc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openssl req -nodes -new -x509 -days 3650 -keyout server.key -out server.cert -subj /name=${INSTANCE_NAME}.openshift-logging.svc
```

Author: ```sugestion
openssl req -nodes -new -x509 -days 3650 -keyout forwarder-tls.key -out forwarder-tls.cert -subj /name=${INSTANCE_NAME}.openshift-logging.svc
```

Author: ```suggestion
openssl req -nodes -new -x509 -days 3650 -keyout forwarder-tls.key -out forwarder-tls.cert -subj /name=${INSTANCE_NAME}.openshift-logging.svc
```

----
<1> Set `INSTANCE_NAME` to the name you're instantiating the component with.

== Upload Private Key to Vault

Create or update the secret in Vault.

TIP: You need to be logged in to Vault for the commands to work.

[source,shell]
----
# Adjust to your environment
instance=#INSTANCE_NAME
key="clusters/kv/${TENANT_ID}/${CLUSTER_ID}/openshift4-s3-forwarder/${instance}/fluentd"

# Query for existing secrets first
vault kv get "${key}"

# If there are existing secrets, add your instance secrets:

> vault kv patch "${key}" privatekey=$(cat server.key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vault kv patch "${key}" privatekey=$(cat forwarder-tls.key)
```
A more specific name would probably help to better understand, what the certificate is used for at the end,.

# If there is no pre-existing secret, create new:
vault kv put "${key}" privatekey=$(cat server.key)
----

> == Add SSL Certificate to Component Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Add TLS Certificate to Component Parameters
```

Add the content of the `server.crt` file to the component parameters.

[source,yaml]
----
applications:
  - openshift4-s3-forwarder as s3-forwarder-customer-a

parameters:
  s3_forwarder_customer_a:
    fluentd:

>       ssl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      tls:
```

Author: I kept it consistent with the splunk forwarder component, where i also called it `ssl`.
